g'day guys and welcome aboard the 680
Haynes cider Patriot this boat is
primarily aimed at by at offshore
fishing the Haines son has spent a lot
of money on research and development
finding out exactly what fishermen want
in an offshore boat therefore we build
fishing boats by fishermen the reason
why this boats been so successful is for
that very reason all the standard
features are what fishermen want all the
options are what people wish to have the
boats are built tough on average 300
kilos heavier than the equivalent 6.85
on them on the market today we use a
woven roving matting system which we
call a matrix system which gives the
hull its extra weight and strength and
we also use a substance called kleeger
cell which we run up the whole side
sheet of the boat which does a couple of
things it makes the boats super rigid
super strong but it also keeps the noise
down under way you don't get that
slapping knocking sound when you're out
at sea the bottom of the boat is
approximately three inches thick 15 mil
up the sides so these boats that they're
built tough and they're built for the
offshore fishermen there's there's three
boats in the range the 650 the 680 and
the 8 meter the stainless steel is 32
mil standard
marine grade as opposed to twenty three
options for toilets microwaves solar
panels fridges freezers if they want to
go to the extra expense automatic bilge
pumps on flow switch standards huge
cockpits fishing space double V berths
new rounded glass windscreen windscreen
grab handle the boats comes standard
with Navman electronics fish finders and
GPS systems there is no plastic fittings
on a Haines hunter no matter what the
model of the range it's all it's all
marine grade stainless with 21 degree
dead rice to give that both the
performance what's needed in off core
condition but it also gives the
stability at rest through the gull wing
design we're very happy to have Andrew
adding housing on board who tested a lot
of boats and after testing a lot of
boats
he chose the 680 Patriot which he goes
and does
his TV shows on and if anyone wants a
testimonial have a chat with Andrew made
but they're built like tanks and they
built for fishermen for fishermen
well the performance speaks for itself I
mean you just saw us going out through
the Seaway there I mean I was averaging
I was everything 40 mile an hour through
there through that meter chop and we're
both sitting down comfortable that the
boats are exceptional and you can sit
here all day and talk about your
construction your quality your ride your
seven-year warranty the way it's built
but if you're spending this much money
on a boat you need to go for a ride in
one and it is as simple as that these
boats depends on the options and the
weight that you want they're easily
towed by a large forward drive